Docs update (#73)
solidity-labs-io/forge-proposal-simulator: docs/mainnet-examples/ENSOzGovernor.md

    ```solidity
    function description() public pure override returns (string memory) {
        return
            "Call setController on the Root contract at root.ens.eth, passing in the address of the new DNS registrar";
    }
    ```

-   `deploy()`: Deploys any necessary contracts. This example demonstrates the deployment of a new `dnsSec` contract (only a mock for this proposal). Once the contracts are deployed, they are added to the `Addresses` contract by calling `addAddress()`.

    ```solidity
    function deploy() public override {
        // Deploy a mock upgrade contract to set controller if not already deployed
        if (!addresses.isAddressSet("ENS_DNSSEC")) {
            // In a real case, this function would be responsible for
            // deploying the DNSSEC contract instead of using a mock
            address dnsSec = address(new MockUpgrade());

            addresses.addAddress("ENS_DNSSEC", dnsSec, true);
        }
    }
    ```

    Since these changes do not persist from runs themselves, after the contracts are deployed, the user must update the Addresses.json file with the newly deployed contract addresses.

> -   `build()`: Add actions to the proposal contract. [See build function](../overview/architecture/proposal-functions.md#build-function). In this example, the newly deployed `dnsSec` contract is set as the controller for the root contract. Any calls (except to the Addresses object) will be recorded and stored as actions to execute in the run function. The The `caller` address that will call actions is passed into `buildModifier`. In this example, it is the OZ Governor's timelock. `buildModifier` is a necessary modifier for the `build` function and will not function without it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `build()`: Add actions to the proposal contract. [See build function](../overview/architecture/proposal-functions.md#build-function). In this example, the newly deployed `dnsSec` contract is set as the controller for the root contract. Any calls (except to the Addresses object) will be recorded and stored as actions to execute in the run function. The `caller` address that will call actions is passed into `buildModifier`. In this example, it is the OZ Governor's timelock. The `buildModifier` is a necessary modifier for the `build` function and will not function without it.
```

Reviewer: remove double the

> -   `build()`: Add actions to the proposal contract. [See the build function](../overview/architecture/proposal-functions.md#build-function). In this example, the newly deployed `dnsSec` contract is set as the controller for the root contract. Any calls (except to the Addresses object) will be recorded and stored as actions to execute in the run function. The `caller` address that will call actions is passed into `buildModifier`. In this example, it is the OZ Governor's timelock. The `buildModifier` is a necessary modifier for the `build` function and will not function without it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `build()`: Add actions to the proposal contract. In this example, the newly deployed `dnsSec` contract is set as the controller for the root contract. Any calls (except to the Addresses object) will be recorded and stored as actions to execute in the run function. The `caller` address that will call actions is passed into `buildModifier`. In this example, it is the OZ Governor's timelock. The `buildModifier` is a necessary modifier for the `build` function and will not function without it. For further reading, see the [build function](../overview/architecture/proposal-functions.md#build-function). 
```

    ```solidity
    function build()
        public
        override
        buildModifier(addresses.getAddress("ENS_TIMELOCK"))
    {
        /// STATICCALL -- non-mutative and hence not recorded for the run stage

        // Get ENS root address
        IControllable control = IControllable(addresses.getAddress("ENS_ROOT"));

        // Get deployed dnsSec address
        address dnsSec = addresses.getAddress("ENS_DNSSEC");

        /// CALLS -- mutative and recorded

        // Set controller to newly deployed dnsSec contract
        control.setController(dnsSec, true);
    }
    ```

> -   `run()`: Sets up the environment for running the proposal. [See the run function](../overview/architecture/proposal-functions.md#run-function). This sets `addresses`, `primaryForkId`, and `governor`, and then calls `super.run()` to run the entire proposal. In this example, `primaryForkId` is set to `mainnet`, selecting the fork for running the proposal. Next, the `addresses` object is set by reading the `addresses.json` file. The OZ Governor address to simulate the proposal through is set using `setGovernor`. This will be used to check onchain calldata and simulate the proposal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `run()`: Sets up the environment for running the proposal, and executes all proposal actions. This sets `addresses`, `primaryForkId`, and `governor`, and then calls `super.run()` to run the entire proposal. In this example, `primaryForkId` is set to `mainnet`, selecting the fork for running the proposal. Next, the `addresses` object is set by reading the `addresses.json` file. The OZ Governor address to simulate the proposal through is set using `setGovernor`. This will be used to check onchain calldata and simulate the proposal. For further reading, see the [run function](../overview/architecture/proposal-functions.md#run-function).
```

        setAddresses(
            new Addresses(
                vm.envOr("ADDRESSES_PATH", string("./addresses/Addresses.json"))
            )
        );

        // Set Governor Bravo. This address is used for proposal simulation and checking the on-chain proposal state.
        setGovernor(addresses.getAddress("ENS_GOVERNOR"));

        // Call the run function of the parent contract 'Proposal.sol'.
        super.run();
    }
    ```

-   `validate()`: This final step validates the system in its post-execution state. It ensures that the dnsSec contract is set as the controller for the root contract.

    ```solidity
    function validate() public view override {
        // Get ENS root address
        IControllable control = IControllable(addresses.getAddress("ENS_ROOT"));

        // Get deployed dnsSec address
        address dnsSec = addresses.getAddress("ENS_DNSSEC");

        // Ensure dnsSec is set as the controller for the ENS root contract
        assertEq(control.controllers(dnsSec), true);
    }
    ```

## Running the Proposal

```sh
forge script mocks/MockOZGovernorProposal.sol:MockOZGovernorProposal --fork-url mainnet
```

> All required addresses should be in the Addresses.json file, including the `DEPLOYER_EOA` address, which will deploy the new contracts. If these don't align, the script execution will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All required addresses should be in the Addresses.json file, including the `DEPLOYER_EOA` address, which will deploy the new contracts. If these do not align, the script execution will fail.
```

# ENS GOVERNOR OZ Proposal

## Overview

> This is an mainnet example of FPS where FPS is used to simulate proposals for ENS governor on L1. This example sets new DNSSEC on ens root on L1. This proposal deploys new DNSSEC contract `UPGRADE_DNSSEC_SUPPORT`. Then timelock sets new deployed DNSSEC contract as controller for ENS Root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an mainnet example of FPS where a proposal is simulated for ENS governor on L1. This example sets a new DNSSEC on ENS Root on L1. This proposal deploys new DNSSEC contract `UPGRADE_DNSSEC_SUPPORT`. Then timelock sets new deployed DNSSEC contract as controller for ENS Root.
```

The following contract is present in the [mocks folder](../../mocks/MockOZGovernorProposal.sol).

Let's go through each of the functions that are overridden.

-   `name()`: Define the name of your proposal.
    ```solidity
    function name() public pure override returns (string memory) {
        return "UPGRADE_DNSSEC_SUPPORT";
    }
    ```
-   `description()`: Provide a detailed description of your proposal.
    ```solidity
    function description() public pure override returns (string memory) {
        return
            "Call setController on the Root contract at root.ens.eth, passing in the address of the new DNS registrar";
    }
    ```

> -   `build()`: Set the necessary actions for your proposal. [Refer](../overview/architecture/proposal-functions.md#build-function). In this example, newly deployed `dnsSec` contract is set as controller for root contract. Any calls (except to the Addresses object) will be recorded and stored as actions to execute in the run function. `caller` address that will call actions is passed into `buildModifier`, it is the oz governor's timelock for this example. `buildModifier` is necessary modifier for `build` function and will not work without it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `build()`: Add actions to the proposal contract. [See build function](../overview/architecture/proposal-functions.md#build-function). In this example, newly deployed `dnsSec` contract is set as controller for the root contract. Any calls (except to the Addresses object) will be recorded and stored as actions to execute in the run function. `caller` address that will call actions is passed into `buildModifier`, it is the oz governor's timelock for this example. `buildModifier` is a necessary modifier for the `build` function to work properly.
```

Author: Done

    ```solidity
    function build()
        public
        override
        buildModifier(addresses.getAddress("ENS_TIMELOCK"))
    {
        /// STATICCALL -- non-mutative and hence not recorded for the run stage

        // Get ENS root address
        IControllable control = IControllable(addresses.getAddress("ENS_ROOT"));

        // Get deployed dnsSec address
        address dnsSec = addresses.getAddress("ENS_DNSSEC");

        /// CALLS -- mutative and recorded

        // Set controller to new deployed dnsSec contract
        control.setController(dnsSec, true);
    }
    ```

-   `deploy()`: Deploy any necessary contracts. This example demonstrates the deployment of new `dnsSec` contract (only a mock for this proposal). Once the contracts are deployed, they are added to the `Addresses` contract by calling `addAddress()`.

    ```solidity
    function deploy() public override {
        // deploy a mock upgrade contract to set controller if not already deployed
        if (!addresses.isAddressSet("ENS_DNSSEC")) {

>             // In a real case, this function would be responsable for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // In a real case, this function would be responsible for
```

            // deployig the DNSSEC contract instead of using a mock
            address dnsSec = address(new MockUpgrade());

            addresses.addAddress("ENS_DNSSEC", dnsSec, true);
        }
    }
    ```

> -   `validate()`: This final step validates the system in its post-execution state. It ensures that dnsSec contract is set as controller for root contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `validate()`: This final step validates the system in its post-execution state. It ensures that dnsSec contract is set as controller for the root contract.
```

    ```solidity
    function validate() public view override {
        // Get ENS root address
        IControllable control = IControllable(addresses.getAddress("ENS_ROOT"));

        // Get deployed dnsSec address
        address dnsSec = addresses.getAddress("ENS_DNSSEC");

        // Ensure dnsSec is set as controller for ENS root contract
        assertEq(control.controllers(dnsSec), true);
    }
    ```

> -   `run()`: Sets environment for running the proposal. [Refer](../overview/architecture/proposal-functions.md#run-function). It sets `addresses`, `primaryForkId` and `governor` and calls `super.run()` to run proposal lifecycle. In this function, `primaryForkId` is set to `mainnet` and selecting the fork for running proposal. Next `addresses` object is set by reading `addresses.json` file. `addresses` contract state is persisted accross forks using `vm.makePersistent()`. governor oz is set using `setGovernor` that will be used to check onchain calldata and simulate the proposal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `run()`: Sets environment for running the proposal. [See run function](../overview/architecture/proposal-functions.md#run-function). This sets `addresses`, `primaryForkId` and `governor` and calls `super.run()` to run the entire proposal. In this example function, `primaryForkId` is set to `mainnet` as the fork for running the proposal. Next `addresses` object is set by reading `addresses.json` file. `addresses` contract state is persistent across forks using foundry's `vm.makePersistent()` cheatcode. The OZ Governor address to simulate the proposal through is set using `setGovernor`. This will be used to check onchain calldata and simulate the proposal.
```

Author: Done

}
```

-   `build()`: Defines the necessary actions for the proposal. [Refer](../overview/architecture/proposal-functions.md#build-function). In this example, the newly deployed `dnsSec` contract is set as the controller for the root contract. Any calls (except to the Addresses object) will be recorded and stored as actions to execute in the run function. The `caller` address that will call actions is passed into `buildModifier`. In this example, it is the OZ Governor's timelock. `buildModifier` is a necessary modifier for the `build` function and will not function without it.

```solidity
function build()
    public
    override
    buildModifier(addresses.getAddress("ENS_TIMELOCK"))
{
    /// STATICCALL -- non-mutative and hence not recorded for the run stage

    // Get ENS root address
    IControllable control = IControllable(addresses.getAddress("ENS_ROOT"));

    // Get deployed dnsSec address
    address dnsSec = addresses.getAddress("ENS_DNSSEC");

    /// CALLS -- mutative and recorded

    // Set controller to newly deployed dnsSec contract
    control.setController(dnsSec, true);
}
```

> -   `deploy()`: Deploys any necessary contracts. This example demonstrates the deployment of a new `dnsSec` contract (only a mock for this proposal). Once the contracts are deployed, they are added to the `Addresses` contract by calling `addAddress()`.

Reviewer: order of operations should be consistent across all files

name
description
deploy
afterDeployMock (if applicable)
build
run
simulate
validate

Author: done
